Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Lauren Kelly: Hey, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, how are you
Lauren Kelly: I'm okay, I've got a lot to tell you I'm sorry I just took it was like the worst headache. Today I'm just trying to think of it really quick.
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: Yes, who showed up yesterday.
Lauren Kelly: Um, so I didn't tell you this in group, but on Sunday.
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: Deliver the
Lauren Kelly: Red roses from flower. Click. There's a box of roses on my doorstep.
Lauren Kelly: With a know
Lauren Kelly: This was Sunday night because Monday would would have been our nine month anniversary
Lauren Kelly: Happy anniversary, baby. I'm always thinking of you. I know that date but Monday. This was Sunday night and our anniversary was Monday or would have been Monday.
Lauren Kelly: But Monday delivery wasn't an option. So it was either today or Tuesday night didn't want this to be late. I love you more than you know.
Lauren Kelly: So that was Sunday night when I got him. I just cried. I was just so upset. I was just like, Is he fucking kidding me like I can't believe like just just the tone of the thing is just so like like to celebrate our anniversary would mean Uber together right and we're not so that's
Lauren Kelly: I'm still then
Lauren Kelly: I get off of the group calls, but I didn't want to tell you that in group. It just, I was like, I'll talk about Trump's then I get off the call and then someone knocks on my door again. And it's one of these, like, I'm
Lauren Kelly: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: straw. Wow.
Lauren Kelly: Um, and another notes and happy month of bursary baby this I was given the option to deliver today. I hope this screen with a small smile to your beautiful face. I love and miss you so much for
Lauren Kelly: So I'm to which I don't respond reply, anything that any of this. I think it's stupid. Um, and then about an hour later and someone knocks on my door again. And it's HIV.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: Um, yeah, I didn't even want to answer it. At first, it took me like five minutes of, like, kind of going back and forth. And if I was even going to answer it. Um,
Lauren Kelly: And he just kept knocking it the dogs were barking, whatever, which he has a key. So the fact that he was knocking was the I, you know, normally the old him just lets himself in, you know, um, so
Lauren Kelly: I opened the door, and I said, Do you need something and
Lauren Kelly: He says, yeah, I need you to talk to you.
Lauren Kelly: So come yeah okay what and and he said, basically I just had two questions for you. The first was, if I could come in. So thanks for letting me come in and the second was if there's any way in the future you think that you would ever be able to forgive
Lauren Kelly: Um, basically, he exactly what you said he got there and realize that the problems were bigger than him and him being there changed. Absolutely nothing.
Lauren Kelly: That he
Lauren Kelly: Will in his words, he
Lauren Kelly: Miss or what was it, he
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: Not misunderstood. But I'm Miss. What's the word
Lauren Kelly: I'm not thinking of the word right but he didn't engage right his
Lauren Kelly: Love and draw for me vs. And also what him going back there. We do. So basically he you know thought that it was going to change something, or whatever. But that nothing changed in that
Lauren Kelly: That
Lauren Kelly: He just realizing you know made the biggest mistake of his life, and he knows he heard you, but he's just wondering if there's any way that I could ever consider like obviously not today or tomorrow but sometime in the future.
Lauren Kelly: That if I could ever forgive him, and that he knows for a fact that now more than ever that I am going to eat his wife. One day he knows for a fact he's gonna be calling me five it
Lauren Kelly: Sooner than I realized, and that that you know even if I tell them to fuck off and leave today. He's just going to keep coming back and tell
Lauren Kelly: Until I, you know, find it in my heart to forgive him and that
Lauren Kelly: You know He loves me more than anything, and
Lauren Kelly: That he can't live without me, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: Um I when he first started talking, I said, is this a fucking joke. This is a fucking joke right and
Lauren Kelly: And he said, No, and I literally I couldn't even look at him. I couldn't even I tried to look at him and my body like rejected. I like tried to look and I just, I couldn't even do it, I was like, I can't even fucking look at you like, I'm so angry at you.
Lauren Kelly: My whole body was. It was the weirdest thing like I was shaking, because that when he got here. I was doing my makeup. I was trying to like
Lauren Kelly: Yesterday was the first day I finally was like trying to engage with the world again and like
Lauren Kelly: Actually like took a shower or whatever. And there's just crazy that that would be the day he would show up. So when you got here. I was actually like up doing laundry and like doing
Lauren Kelly: Like you ready for the day and I was just shaking my whole body just because it was just the last thing in a million years. I expect that to happen.
Lauren Kelly: And, um, I guess by him, sending those things. He was trying to he's, you know, as I said, so what you just thought, you're going to send
Lauren Kelly: Things like you fucking left and then you send me things celebrating our anniversary, like, are you kidding me, said, you know, that was just me being an hour just trying to, you know, I knew I was going to come here today.
Lauren Kelly: I couldn't like our anniversary go by without seeing you in. I knew I was going to come here today. And I just thought that maybe
Lauren Kelly: I sent a few things. First, that, you know, maybe like you, you would. It would. I would just be showing up out of nowhere, whatever. And he said, you know, when I thought that maybe you would, you know, right me
Lauren Kelly: Or say something when you've got the flowers. But when I realize you've got the flowers last night and you didn't say anything. I realized, you know, just really how upset you were with me and
Lauren Kelly: And then I said the other things. And then he kind of looked around and he was like, did you throw the flowers away. They were now.
Lauren Kelly: And I said no. And these are, where are they, I was like, they're in the fridge. I just threw them in there. I didn't, I didn't want to look at them, you know, I wasn't going to display on, you know, um,
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: He basically said
Lauren Kelly: You know I
Lauren Kelly: Like I'd be willing to do whatever it takes whatever steps that you want me to take whatever you want me to do all you
Lauren Kelly: Just like but me, though it and I'll do it. And you know I did, I can your site, you would like. I can tell that I'm kind of overwhelming you right now, you probably have like a lot of process so
Lauren Kelly: I just wanted this to be the first of many conversations and I'd like to come back tomorrow to talk more about it.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. And I, and I said, you know, when
Lauren Kelly: So when when you were leaving and I told you, how did you, how do you know you're not going to be back here in a week, just like you always fucking are begging for my forgiveness, just like you always fucking do and you swore to me that you wouldn't do that.
Lauren Kelly: He said, You know, I just I misread my, like, my love, my draw for you and and i and i thought that being there would help like their mental health and I realized that it doesn't, you know, and maybe they're really accomplishes nothing and
Lauren Kelly: That
Lauren Kelly: He's just miserable and made the mistake of his life, blah, blah, blah. I'm in that he wants to come back today to talk about it. Um, he already called this morning to see if he could come by and I you know I had this call with you and I
Lauren Kelly: I would like to know, after you and I talked what
Lauren Kelly: If I felt like talking to. And when a good time for you or whatever, but I'm not
Lauren Kelly: You know, obviously, that was going to be on my terms, um,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you feel
That inside
Lauren Kelly: Um, I don't feel like I'm the same person that I was before. Um,
Lauren Kelly: I've feel like I got to a point.
Lauren Kelly: Where I was just in so much pain that I just had to make myself that inside to just function.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. I don't know if I'm like tricking myself in this, but I almost feel like I don't love like I and
Lauren Kelly: Obviously, like I and I know everything.
Lauren Kelly: In my life. The first. I don't know week that I was just literally crying out to God. God, Please make it stop hurting this hurt so fucking bad just. Please make it stop like literally just crying out in the fucking air like begging behind to make this pain fucking stop like
Lauren Kelly: Those are all the things I would have wanted. I would have wanted him to realize he made a huge mistake and I didn't want any of this. You know what I mean, like, I didn't want to be alone. I didn't want to go through the worst heartbreak in my life. I don't want any of that.
Lauren Kelly: But that's what happened. And I just went through the worst like 10 days of my eye. And I don't know how to ever move forward or forgive him or no about that or
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. I don't know. I'm
Lauren Kelly: In a perfect world, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I he realized what he did wrong and I take him back and everything's free or whatever but
Lauren Kelly: I just
Lauren Kelly: I just don't kneel, I just have a really different perspective on like the world and relationships. Now, and I just, I really just feel like
Lauren Kelly: You can't trust anyone in that you're just alone in this world and like that everything is temporary and
Lauren Kelly: I just don't think I would ever be the same partner or girlfriend that I was before where I just love wholeheartedly and is willing to give my all like I i don't i don't really see myself ever giving that to another person and and I'm I just
Lauren Kelly: I just feel kind of dead inside. Um,
Lauren Kelly: I i don't know i i know like, you know, I was thinking about it last night and oddly, I actually talked to my mom about because I was thinking of before all this happened, I was thinking about finally going there today.
Lauren Kelly: Right. And I talked to my mom last night about it. And we actually talked for a while and I always wonder like
Lauren Kelly: It's kind of like that head heart battle, and I also call it like this stupid girl smart girl like his like the stupid girl flash heart.
Lauren Kelly: Wants him back right now and wants to just like I slept like shit. Last night knowing this always coming today and
Lauren Kelly: In, you know, I want to after you and I get off this call have him come over and just like fucking crawl and Ben has been holding and just take a nap and go to bed and just like
Lauren Kelly: Work on stuff and move forward. Like that's stupid girl heart or of me, but the smart girl brain part of me wants to tell them to fuck off and never fucking come here ever again and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know what to do with those
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not like yay jumping for joy, like I'm
Lauren Kelly: I just feel like I built up this just huge massive wall, and I, I just don't see it being broken down. Um, I don't know, I just
Lauren Kelly: I, I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to take him back, and I didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Lauren Kelly: To believe all of those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there's a
Lauren Kelly: Need that just tells me to tell him to fuck off and
Lauren Kelly: That he heard me for the last time, and that regardless of if he made the biggest mistake of his life, or whatever, that this is what he does, he makes these spontaneous decisions that in one swoop.
Lauren Kelly: ruin my entire fucking life and he's done this multiple times and and you know he he said he understood the gravity of his actions, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Two weeks ago, or whatever, when he made this decision and you know you know what's to say he doesn't do this again in six months, when the therapist tells the ex something else that they don't like. And then he thinks he's going to go, you know what I mean, what
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many times have you done this with them.
Lauren Kelly: So before we got the place like this happened in October. Once we got the place about a month after we got our place we moved in the beginning of November, so like right after Thanksgiving. So like last week of November 1 week of December, it happen.
Lauren Kelly: And and he went back there. And then within like four days was back here, begging for me back and I, it took me like a month.
Lauren Kelly: Of him doing a lot of work for me to finally like, Let him back in. And then when he came back in. That's when like it came up that I was an addict and then all of my my shit because the way or whatever. So with this going back and forth with like two full times of where he's
Lauren Kelly: Looked me license that I'm moving out. I'm leaving to go legwork on my kids or whatever. Um, but, you know, three times in total bit to have been like actually moving out.
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, um, and, I mean, you know, he said you know there's there's never been another woman, this has never been about another woman, there never will be another one.
Lauren Kelly: Here it for me. And when when I said something about like how stupid, the anniversary stuff was because we're not together. It was like
Lauren Kelly: They were always together. Remember not together. I'm always your man. You're always my woman like we're, we're always two
Lauren Kelly: Together in my mind, we're never not and you no matter what, like you say today. I know all earn your forgiveness and I know I'll do whatever and
Lauren Kelly: I'm like I said he was already calling first thing this morning, like, you know, you just want to see like
Lauren Kelly: You said you know I realized yesterday when I left, I said, You know, I was gonna come back today and I didn't want to hold your whole day hostage, not knowing when I was coming. So I just wanted to hear spectacle of you and call you and
Lauren Kelly: I would be in whatever you know and so he's obviously like you know
Lauren Kelly: Tip toe and I said something like, well, what do you, what do you, what do you need to say, and he goes, you know what I want to talk about y'all wanted to talk about us or something and I'm
Lauren Kelly: And I said, do you have anything to say. Cuz yesterday. It wasn't much or something. And he said, Yeah, I have a lot to say or whatever, like all I'll let you o'clock.
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: But I'm not doing like jumping jacks about it. I don't know. I don't know. I should be happier than I am. I, I really don't know how I just feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you think that that's a normal response after what you've been through with him.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. Is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it is.
Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As humans were pretty resilient. But when we're going through things like this like your work, you moved in. Okay. And you're moving your stuff in from storage.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you guys. It was the happiest time of your life. And then all of a sudden, bam. He's gone. Yeah. And he hasn't been gone once or he hasn't been gone twice and you know this is something that's happened throughout the time that you guys have been together and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can take that hurt so many times before we start shutting it off before we start building walls.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why it's fear based you have every right to be afraid that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a temporary thing that he's going to come back. Everything's going to get good and then he's gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, feel the same guilt and remorse all over again and do the same thing all over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what is going to guarantee that this cycle is stopped.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Given everything that you have gone through Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need guarantees.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have the right to feel secure.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just nerve.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To feel secure. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: I think so. I
Lauren Kelly: I was doing really good about my shit and owning my shit and not running and you know really sticking out the hard times and not
Lauren Kelly: Just running because nothing's easy or comfortable for me in
Lauren Kelly: The second that anything gets hard for him. He runs and ruins my whole life in one swoop and then a week later thinks it's all gonna be okay with you realize this. You fucked up, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, this was a biggie.
Lauren Kelly: This was the worst thing I've ever gone through. I've never, ever. I mean, I couldn't function I literally would just like cry out to God like just to make this stop because I was in so much physical pain like I've never had a hard day caused me that kind of physical pain like overwhelming.
Lauren Kelly: Physical pain like
Lauren Kelly: I've never felt anything like it and
Lauren Kelly: I just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to come back from your Rebecca, I really don't know. I just
Lauren Kelly: I
Lauren Kelly: I don't think I can. I don't think I'll ever really be the same. First thing as like it just made me realize like how good she just can't trust anyone and maybe people are in this on this earth for you to like
Lauren Kelly: Spend a little bit of time with maybe have some fun with. But like definitely don't rely on the new one or trusting whenever because though we let you down and
Lauren Kelly: I just have a really different view on people in relationships now than I did before and it definitely on him.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: I just, I don't know how to come back from it. And I mean, again, like there was part to me last night that just like
Lauren Kelly: One of my favorite things about you and i is like the way that we sleep at night like you would have never had someone just like
Lauren Kelly: Hold me like all night long. The way that he would. And that's been one of the things I've had like where that I've just like laid in bed and just like
Lauren Kelly: cried out to God like he's just make this stop hurting because just knowing. I'll never have that, again, I'll never like have that security of like
Lauren Kelly: Holding so what an all night and being in their arms all night and like last night, I was just thinking of like how yeah I would give anything to just
Lauren Kelly: Call him and be like, Okay, come over, like you know and have that again and and to know that it's actually an option for me that I could have that back. If I wanted to, like, right now, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But then there's the smart girl brain in me that's like, how could you be so stupid, you know,
Lauren Kelly: You just wanted to fucking die every second of the day. IT TOOK EVERYTHING IN YOU NOT TO FUCKING GO GET SOME Coker hose and fucking us. Um, I mean,
Lauren Kelly: I was reaching out to people. I mean, I reached out to my brother who I haven't talked to in years. I was reaching out to friends, I haven't talked to him forever. I mean, I was trying everything system.
Lauren Kelly: Trying to force myself to get out of bed and I could even fucking function. And I said something about that from yesterday and said, You don't know what I just went through all like you have no idea what the fuck I just went through, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I don't, I don't know how to come back from that and
Lauren Kelly: I want to, I want to have what I had. Again, I will. I want. And I know like
Lauren Kelly: In the past, when I've gone through stuff we've always come down this way of coming out of things like even stronger and better than we were before as somehow you got the most fucked up shit that happened, we've
Lauren Kelly: Somehow come to this better place, but like, you know, when he was leaving that day I asked them, they do you understand what you're doing right now and use it. I understand. I get it. And he was so detached and
Lauren Kelly: And and when I was asking him questions he like we don't even answer me that day and I brought that up when they said, you know, how cold.
Lauren Kelly: And attached, you were. And when you said you were coming back and you didn't even come back and I waited for fucking hours for you.
Lauren Kelly: And he said I had to do that because I had to detach because otherwise I would just fucking lose it. And I just, I had through that.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, you know, fucking cool. That was to me like for everything we've been through for you to just be cold and detach and not even answer my questions and just continually just move your shit out in front of like
Lauren Kelly: And and then to just be here, just like you have so many times before, you know, and, and then he brings up. Well, you know, it wasn't that long ago. So remember the last time when I ran and then
Lauren Kelly: That is how I made this huge mistake and I like
Lauren Kelly: They actually like showed up at the Danville house and we came back to the apartment and talked and I was like in tears like begging him to come back and understand that I made this huge mistake and
Lauren Kelly: And he was telling me you know like how you know he thought that I had heard him for the last time. And then he just can't be keeping hurt by me and then he didn't talk to me for like four days and then
Lauren Kelly: It was right before our therapy session that when when he, when he texts me and said, you know, are sent me an email saying, you know, I thought about it and
Lauren Kelly: We lets you know stop wasting time ago start our lives together and whatever. And it was that day that we like move back and together and things were great. From that point on,
Lauren Kelly: So you brought that up and said, you know, it wasn't that long ago you were, you were begging me for, you know, another chance. And like, that's all I'm doing it and you were telling me.
Lauren Kelly: That You would show me in your actions and that's all I'm asking for us for
Lauren Kelly: You to let me show you in my actions and whatever. And it's like, yeah, we've been we've done this before. You know what I mean. But like I haven't just
Lauren Kelly: Continually done the same thing over and over and over the way he had, you know, a mean and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, it's always been his kids but but who's to say it's not your kids again a little, you know, in a couple months or a year or whatever, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: But, in his words, he knows more than ever, and has no doubt in his mind that I'm going to be his wife, and that he loves me more than anything, and he can't, you can't live without me. And he just Miss. Miss read
Lauren Kelly: How much you love being out that that he just thought that there was some way you could be away from you when he realizes he can't
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know, somehow we're supposed to talk about this today.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just so ladies. It was just the last thing I was expecting to show up on my doorstep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I know you know right now that your heart is hurt. And I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want more than anything for this to work out to. I know those two things to be true, Lauren. I know that you are afraid and you have every right to be afraid. Every right i would be afraid if I were in your shoes right now as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's nothing wrong with making him work for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with saying this is how I feel. Today, I'm not saying that I'm not, I'm not going to get over it, but I was devastated.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was devastated. I couldn't shower, I couldn't eat. I couldn't take care of the dogs. I could barely get out of bed and I thought I would never see you again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there is nothing wrong, you know, with owning your, you know, your feelings and saying, I'm going to work on forgiving you but I think we needed to take it a little bit slow.
Lauren Kelly: One day, my mom said when I was talking to her last night. She asked me, you know, where is he right now. And he said he's at the Danville house, you know, in the guest room or whatever. And my mom says will
Lauren Kelly: He cannot be in there, you know, while you guys work on things with this, you know, Ron is x and seven. I said, I agree with that. And I said, but what's it but you know and
Lauren Kelly: That was something like that all we talked about when he was here yesterday.
Lauren Kelly: You know, when he said, because when he left he had said going back there wasn't an option or whatever. And he said, Lauren. I don't have infinite money and and I did that because he is supporting like this. Full House. Like I don't pay any
Lauren Kelly: Bills here and
Lauren Kelly: So he you know he's got, you know, the $1.5 million house and Danville that
Lauren Kelly: He you know help support and then completely supports this household. So for me to also expect him to come up with the money to pay for a hotel every day. Like there's just not infinite money to do with, you know, so
Lauren Kelly: So then what do what do I do, you know, because it's either I leave him at the Danville house with his ex wife every day. And there, or I let him come back here. Like, and that puts me in a position
Lauren Kelly: Because like my mom, my even my mom was saying. Like, you can't have him over there. If you guys are going to be working on things, you know, but I'm like yeah but
Lauren Kelly: I I don't feel like I wouldn't be like okay, get all your stuff and move back in, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: That. So I don't know how I
Lauren Kelly: Do that. I don't know what I do with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you should pause
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that used to go on your trip.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been telling you to go this whole time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A ROAD TRIP definitely helps so much. I think that you should go see your job. Take a couple days just for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Evaluate what you want, evaluate whether or not. Lauren can forgive him and is willing to give us another go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, you know, I get the money thing you know that that's got to be a hell of a lot of money to worry about over there and over there and I get that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you got to be able to be in a space where you process all of this and get back to the basics and if in your heart and in your head, you can do it, then do it. But you know, I still believe that your focal point needs to be on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if he does come back and even if you guys do get back together. There's got to be a Lauren and a Paul right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren's gotta have Lauren Lauren has got to be working on Lauren Lauren has got to be building, you know, a healthy network of people around her. So the next time. If there ever is a next time. And I'm not saying that there will be. And I'm not saying that there won't be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are supported.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's all these things that you should be working on for Lauren, not for Lauren Ababa for Lauren right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Putting yourself in your recovery ahead of everything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you don't want to hear it. But this is what I'm telling you, I'm not gonna lie idea, and I'm not going to sugarcoat things, you know, it's not going to be easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you don't take some time for you to figure out this whole piece because you have a gaping wound inside of your heart right now it's gaping. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And hence why it's behind a wall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you just went through was utter hell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And honestly, Lauren, if you think about it, could you really go through that piece again without some kind of a surety that it's not going to happen again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not fair to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And bringing out the past, you know, we can bring up the past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But let's leave the past where the past is the whole simple fact is you can dealing with this since he walked out the door. Last week without getting high. You were doing a clean and sober 100% feeling every not every piece of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've done that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not saying don't forgive him. I'm saying, you know what I mean, to really pay attention to where your heart is and identify that you're, you know, you've got this gaping wound that you need to get healed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: talk with him about about you know about peace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This was, you know, even the last time that I talked to you and the time before that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There was no if ands, or buts. He was ever coming back again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: History will repeat itself, right, especially when he goes back into situation and he sees the problems were there way before he ever left
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's not like him being there is going to solve these problems. And again, not talking to the therapist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Herself versus getting the information from his ex wife not saying that his ex wife isn't reliable and trustworthy. But in the same sense, you know, be an advocate for his, his kids in therapy with his kids talking to the therapist communicating getting first hand information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's all of those things. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: I am. You said to something about like without having some kind of like
Lauren Kelly: A shirt like some kind of forget the word to use, but I'm
Lauren Kelly: At this one happened again like what, what can I, what, what can you ask for what what i don't i don't when I don't know what there is other than Him, saying, I realized this time, which I've heard before, you know, a mean like what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, but behaviors tell all and he can say anything that he wants to. But as behaviors are really going to be in for the first couple weeks is going to be great and you know it, I know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is like the honeymoon phase that happens, things are great. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mean, and then there's why he's really good at that. Like, that doesn't tell me anything. Like, I remember one time he said would like the first time all this stuff happened when time he was like
Lauren Kelly: They'll be able to tell them the first 24 hours. And I laughed at them. This dude. You don't think I've had boyfriends be the perfect boyfriend. The whole world for two weeks, a whole month 24 Hour News.
Lauren Kelly: To me it means nothing to me two weeks means shit to me it means nothing to me because every guy I've ever been with in my entire life. Even the guys who beat the shit out of me.
Lauren Kelly: Could be the most perfect boyfriends in the entire world for the two weeks after they beat the shit out of me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have advanced
Lauren Kelly: ever asked for. They were amazing. They were the most attentive awful considerate men I've ever met in my life. And guess what. All it did was buy me another ship beating. You know what I mean. So
Lauren Kelly: I mean I'm not saying he's going to hurt me like up but like I might just by myself another fucking
Lauren Kelly: A heartbreak. Every time I forgive that. Like so. And yeah, he says his actions but like I've seen your actions before and what it comes down to like the first time.
Lauren Kelly: That he did it. He was having conversations behind my back about like going back there and
Lauren Kelly: You know that the kids in him and all that. And this time he again was having conversations behind my back about you know that he wasn't telling me about the therapist and all that. So what he's proved to me is that he manipulates me that he
Lauren Kelly: He does shady ship on my back, and he doesn't tell me any doesn't let me in the way a partner should be let in, and you should have been letting me know, hey,
Lauren Kelly: This is what I'm hearing every day in therapy. I don't know what to do. We put a bucking talked about this, instead of just the ones who pay
Lauren Kelly: I'm moving out today it, which is what he did to other times before like he's proven that he does sneaky shit and and I don't
Lauren Kelly: Think I can trust him like he's proven this and and what's to tell me he's not going to do this again like it can be perfect for a month, two months, whatever. But how do I know this all doesn't happen again the next time the therapist is something that he doesn't live, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Live, what's the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Question, because honestly there's no guarantees and nothing
Lauren Kelly: So, what, what can he gives me. What am I looking for when I need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well security for sure his behaviors it, you know, engage have them engage asked him to engage with the therapist without the ex wife.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Asked him, I mean, he was seeing that there were basis, he still seeing a therapist.
Lauren Kelly: Know when things got, like, way better with us. He stopped seeing them because it was all about love our stuff and then we got better. It was he, you know, he's paying like 150 bucks out of pocket like twice a week and
Lauren Kelly: And now, both of these kids are in therapy and that's passion every, you know what I mean. So he's doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So he stopped going to to therapy because it was centered around everything that had to do with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this again is suggestions. But, you know, engaging in therapy with his children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talking to the therapist firsthand instead of getting information from Isaac secondhand
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know processing what he's going to do with the therapist and what's in the best interest of the kids would certainly be better than this back and forth, not just for you. But for them to. It's gotta be hard on them to
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but how do I ever trust what he's actually doing because time and time again he's proven that he does sneaky stuff behind the scenes.
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that's something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're gonna have to confront with him and tell him and see you know what the reaction is, and I know the reaction will probably be that he'll bring up your past. But the funny part about it is that you've owned all your house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're doing everything you can to make it different and better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, this would have been a, sure, sure, sure, sure sign of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A relapse. You know what I mean. And you as hard as what it is worn as many thoughts as you got in your mind. You did not allow this to when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know how huge, that is, there's that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I can tell you is that there is no no situation or no person that should ever interfere with your sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's your. That's it for you. Right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you think about you think about you, you think about what you want what you need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go back to the first list that you wrote to him and see how many of those that he's followed through.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where it is
Lauren Kelly: No idea.
Lauren Kelly: I'm
Lauren Kelly: A dress.
Lauren Kelly: This
Lauren Kelly: ruin my world so many times. I just don't know. I just, I couldn't even look at him. I my whole body just I felt like nothing like I was in this dream or something. It was just the weirdest like
Lauren Kelly: Almost like an out of body thing like it was just like, is this really happening right now. Like, I literally was like, Is this a fucking joke. You're joking right this is a fucking joke because
Lauren Kelly: I couldn't understand how this could be a real conversation.
Lauren Kelly: You know you
Lauren Kelly: You
Lauren Kelly: You understood the gravity of your X. You know what 1011 days ago and now things are different. Because what because you went back there and said,
Lauren Kelly: I broke up with my girlfriend, so I can focus on you and everybody didn't come. Yeah, everything's perfect now.
Lauren Kelly: Which I fucking told you was going to be the case, but in your mind. That's how it was all going to go and it didn't go that way. So now all of a sudden you want to come to add like it just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, I just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. I
Lauren Kelly: I want to love him. I want let him back in. I want to be happy like that again. But I just feel dead inside. I just
Lauren Kelly: I just feel dead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can't change you know when that was been built it takes work to bring it back down. It takes work and time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To heal that gaping wound that's inside here. It's not something that can just be easily fixed that. You know, because he's walked back you know there's all these other insecurities that that come up, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I don't think I'll ever be the same girlfriend or the same like I think if I ever did let him back in, he would be like
Lauren Kelly: A guy I dated it, you know, I don't even think I would look at him as a boyfriend or anything. He would be like
Lauren Kelly: Someone I guess I had dinner with and whatever, but like I just don't ever see myself like having a partner in life ever again like I are best friend ever again like that like I
Lauren Kelly: Are planning a future ever again, like I just don't think I'm capable of giving in that way again.
Lauren Kelly: To anyone, much less him.
Lauren Kelly: I, I, I just think that part of me is is dead. Like I just, I just realized how much how alone, like I really am in this role in how much I really can't trust anyone, and especially him and I don't
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, like there's, again, there's this pulled, there's this part of me that wants
Lauren Kelly: To just crawl in his arms and haven't told me. It's going to be okay and
Lauren Kelly: You know I never wanted this in the first place. I didn't want any of this, you know, I didn't want
Lauren Kelly: To be in this apartment alone. I don't want to be
Lauren Kelly: Feeling dead inside after days of not eating or sleeping or showering, and I didn't want any of this and
Lauren Kelly: I just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, it's just this huge head and heart full of just fuck off. And I never want to talk to you again and I love you and come back. You know, like it's I
Lauren Kelly: And I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just so fucking loss like my head's just been spinning, ever since it happened yesterday and like
Lauren Kelly: I was just waiting for this call like having that like 230 yesterday and I was just like, oh my god, like I just, I need to talk to her about like I just don't
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know what the fuck to do. I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that you're in a place where you shouldn't make any decisions yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've at least, you know what I mean, you've got at least a couple days to be able to breathe process it and get to the finalization of what it is that you you know that you want to do, or that you can do.
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know like what I could possibly ask for from him that would make me feel sick or in any way that
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not just opening my life back up to
Lauren Kelly: The possibility of this and I get like none of us are promised anything and anything can happen at any time.
Lauren Kelly: But there's a difference between that things that are way more probable and like this is way more probable that you've heard
Lauren Kelly: This lady's done it before. He's may be spontaneous decision the wall sneaky wall that were that were
Lauren Kelly: Follow those bad decisions that were followed by two weeks of him speaking and not telling me what was really going on in conversation to was really having and feeling, he was really having
Lauren Kelly: And instead of thinking them through and deciding you know actually thinking through the fact that he's never been able to fucking go without me with before and that you know he's always come crawling back before and that
Lauren Kelly: That, you know, maybe, maybe you should talk to the therapist first. Maybe you should try to go there with them first before he makes this huge decision and breaks my
Lauren Kelly: Heart like he's proven that these are things that he's capable of doing and that he's willing to do and that he thinks he can just come back and fix and
Lauren Kelly: I, I don't know how to open the door back up and say, Okay, let's see if that doesn't happen again.
Lauren Kelly: You know, we try to open my heart back up again like I don't know how to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now you don't and that's why I said, you don't have to make any decisions today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to take some time for you. You get to breathe a little bit, figure out whether or not you're willing to take the risk again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to be willing to take that risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you feel it, you'll know you'll know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, you know, I hate to keep bringing this up like a broken record, but I still think that you should be taking a road trip.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you need to take a couple days for you for Lauren to get out of the Paul and Lauren, you know, obsession in the head. But really, and the heartache, but really being able to to spend time with your dad say hello to your mom to, you know, just be just be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Read for a minute, even if it's a two to two day trip.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something that gets you on the road gets you to be able to breathe some air clear some clear the mind. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A couple days. You're not asking for a lifetime. You're asking for a couple days for Loren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And Loren, Mr. It's worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100% obviously because you've got, you know, you think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to get to believing that inside your head inside your heart.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes, giving it to God and just leaving it beaver, a day or do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes that gives us the answers that we're searching for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting out of it, just a little bit.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
You know,
Lauren Kelly: I just feel paralyzed. I just
Lauren Kelly: You know, I wish just
Lauren Kelly: Just starting to engage with the world again yesterday, like actually finally went out and ran a bunch of there's a bunch of stuff like I just I needed dog food. I needed.
Lauren Kelly: You know, I need to go to Target I needed stuff from like an auto part I put like power steering books. My car starts to stick. After all, I need to get our story, good to put in my car. Like there's just a bunch of shit I needed to do.
Lauren Kelly: Like a car wash. I went out and did a bunch of stuff yesterday and it's like right when I finally start engaging with the road like that's the day you shows up or she, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I just
Lauren Kelly: I just feel like it like yesterday before all this happened, I was planning on leaving today after narrow my call.
Lauren Kelly: But that of course after all this happened. I didn't sleep like a fucking week, last night, and then I finally slept for like maybe a half hour.
Lauren Kelly: Like nine to 10 or whatever and and then I woke up kind of with like a headache. So now it's like the last thing I want to do is like jump in the car for like four hours right now. I feel like after our call
Lauren Kelly: I'm enough to deal with talking to him for a little bit and then I think I'm just like in need to like take a nap. Take it easy. Today, and really just sleep like 8am tomorrow or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta get out of here. Look at me. Get out of here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you got to take some time to get out of here and to get out of here, just out of your heart, just so that you can breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just so that you can get some clarity on what it is that you really want. And that's how we get that piece is we step outside of it for a few minutes. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We see it in like, it's like through a mirror or window. We just step away from it for a few minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's where clarity comes in. That's where you know the answers come from when you dig within and take time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't tell you, you know, and I would never tell you, Oh yeah, go take a bath or no, don't you ever take it back because our hearts, you know, might be broken. Again, I can't tell you one way or the other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because I might tell you the wrong direction for Lauren right i'm not you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But what I can tell you is that you've really got to evaluate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to evaluate this whole thing and do it. If you choose to do it again, do it in a whole different manner, things can be completely different and beast. You can learn how to be secure. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He can provide that
Lauren Kelly: Or I know like you can give me an answer of what to do. But I guess I was looking for, like, it is there any possible way that I can do this. And because my heart.
Lauren Kelly: Once
Lauren Kelly: Once that, you know, I mean, the hardest part of me trying to get over it was knowing like I'd lost like my best friend and like that. I would just have this void in my life of this like
Lauren Kelly: Just happiness. I went to bed with and woke up with every morning and just this east. I always had with him, like I've been in. It was like within the first two weeks of knowing him.
Lauren Kelly: I was just driving one day and I was just like, I'm going to marry that man, and I've never felt that we had been in like five year long relationships and I've never felt like I was married when I
Lauren Kelly: I I pretty much since the beginning of knowing, Paul, I'd like known in my soul. I was going to marry this man and I can't explain it in words like how I felt that way. But I i've never
Lauren Kelly: Felt like I just knew, like the direction of my life like more than I did with him in that
Lauren Kelly: Like these 35 years of these like abusive horrible relationships and just shipped life I've been through, like, they get all was worth it because
Lauren Kelly: I wasn't going to be like abandoned and alone and like this really made me evaluate like what hurt the worst. And I think it was just being abandoned because I've always been abandoned by like the people
Lauren Kelly: That are there is the core
Lauren Kelly: Love me, you know, and I don't think I can take being abandoned again and
Lauren Kelly: That's the core root ever feel secure again and I i guess that's what I was looking you for us like
Lauren Kelly: Is there a way I can never do this again. I don't know that I can. I just feel so dead inside.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you would be amazed at the things that we can do and you should be pretty amazed with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Given the fact that you your persevered through it and that you didn't use and that you didn't self harm and that you didn't commit suicide. All the things that you were feeling this past week you did not engage in any of those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You stayed steady and you stayed strong through it all. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you'd be amazed about how resilient, we are
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know.
Lauren Kelly: What he could do that would
Lauren Kelly: Ever make me feel secure or safe with him, you know, and not safe in like a physical sense but like emotionally like like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how I would ever feel like my heart was safe with him. I think that I just feel like if he was ever here. I would just always be looking over my shoulder, the whole time. And I would just never
Lauren Kelly: Trust or ever fully let him back it like I just don't feel like I'm the same person I was before. And I don't think I can ever be that girlfriend. I was before or that partner. I was before because I just can't.
Lauren Kelly: Trust that anything isn't just temporary and that I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop at all times, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I don't, I don't know if I'm capable
Lauren Kelly: I know that my heart never wanted this in the first place. So, I will. I would love to fix this. And yeah, you stay in everything that I would have wanted you know like like yesterday I had this dream.
Lauren Kelly: Right when I woke up because I knew it was our anniversary. And I also knew I'd gotten the flowers. The night before, so I knew he was trying to make some form of contact, and I had this dream that I woke up to like him waking me up like being here.
Lauren Kelly: And in the dream.
Lauren Kelly: Because he woke me up my instant response was this huge smile on my face and I was so mad at myself when I woke up from the dream because I knew
Lauren Kelly: That that would have been my response. I knew that if he had gotten here as angry.
Lauren Kelly: As like I wanted to be. I knew that I would be so happy. You know what I mean. And I whenever I see the time
Lauren Kelly: At 1111 I always make a wish and like little kids to the clock. I always I'm super superstitious like that. And yesterday at 1111 I literally said a wish that he stopped by that day and within like two hours. He was there like it and
Lauren Kelly: So it's like here, I'm having this dream about him coming by know happy. I would be, and I'm wishing that he would stop by. And then, here he is and and then he does it, and
Lauren Kelly: I couldn't even look at him and I just like when this out of I'm shaking. And I'm just like, I just couldn't human
Lauren Kelly: Or a million my thoughts and all I could just think of is this has to be a fucking joke like this, this, this has to be a joke. This has to be like funny to somebody like this can't be a real conversation. I'm happy right now because
Lauren Kelly: Like we've been here before, like I
Lauren Kelly: And I just don't
Lauren Kelly: I just don't know like what I could ask him, that would be different, other than Him being like, I'll show you my options and I'll be this really good boyfriend. Well guess what, I've had the most abusive people in my life. Be the best boyfriends in the world for weeks, months, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So what he's a superintendent boyfriend for a while because he's trying really hard, again, to me, I'm still in the back of my head, knowing
Lauren Kelly: That this is only because we've all got he fucked up. And that, you know, I just came from the best, you know, a couple months of my life with him to have this happen. So I'm really never state, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And the only way I make sure this doesn't happen to me again, is to not let him ever in again and
Lauren Kelly: That's the only way I keep myself safe and I can't like get passed out in my head right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And right now, you don't have to get past it in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a piece of it. You don't have to get through anything right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's this other piece that I kind of want to bring up that if you continue the work that you're doing for Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren as an individual, not Lauren as part of a couple but Lauren as an individual, when you have new experience life's, you know, ups and downs and catastrophes and chaos and all that crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It makes you find security within yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So security should really be coming from you. First and foremost, so if you're not secure with yourself. It's hard to be secure in any relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so doing some internal security work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will help you find the security that you need, because this is what, this is what I know to be true, personally, is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can love wholeheartedly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can have anybody in my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if they hurt me. I get to choose whether or not they stay a part of my life if I choose to forgive them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll forgive them wholeheartedly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but I have to feel secure within me. I have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I don't feel secure security within myself, then it's hard to find security within anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece to think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, you're right. You're not the same person that you were a week ago through every heartbreak every trial and tribulation that we face in life we change. Remember, the one thing consistent in life has changed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the God's honest truth, you know, and it's even within us within ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With every heartbreak with every situation with every loss with every game we change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just up to us to figure out how we want to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have a lot to think about or not, think about and put it away for a little bit and breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just let
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These emotions, just kind of run its course and see exactly what it is that you feel comfortable doing, you know, but this is what I know, Lauren, working with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the time that we have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are you deserve to give yourself any and all chances that you possibly can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You deserve to give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever that looks like whatever you're happy looks like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You deserve that that
Lauren Kelly: I've never
Lauren Kelly: Been happier, more at peace, wanting to be like the best version of myself. Like, I've never been more of any of those things and
Lauren Kelly: When
Lauren Kelly: I
Lauren Kelly: I felt like worthy and accepted and life loved in understood and in this relationship and
Lauren Kelly: I, I don't know. I am I just lost all of that, you know, I just felt so just worthless and just again, like I i didn't
Lauren Kelly: Know, as a kid. And this just food for me, you know, it wasn't this wasn't just like a call being like that all of a sudden they felt worthless, for the first time I've always felt a few mirthless like the only thing
Lauren Kelly: That Paul really should did was like it almost convinced me for a while that I was like worthy of
Lauren Kelly: Love and and of being you know it for somebody else. The same way he was it for me and
Lauren Kelly: And being like valued and somebody actually thinking I mattered it was important that way of the message has been since I was a kid that I wasn't and I don't and
Lauren Kelly: And that like I wasn't ever going to be like a band and like that and and and to all of a sudden, just feel just completely worthless and just completely all alone in this world. Like I just, it just fucking killed me and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know that I'm struggling to ever go through that again. I mean,
Lauren Kelly: I was literally just like crying out, just like, Please make it stop like I would just lay in bed and just cry and cry and just beg for it to stop and
Lauren Kelly: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today, you don't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean that you're not going to have clarity with tomorrow or the next day. It just means that that's the place that you're at today.
Lauren Kelly: But I, I just, I, I just want to know what I could ask for what what that would be different because the only thing that I can see him saying is
Lauren Kelly: You know, it'll be my actions and not my words and you just said, let me show you. And whenever and
Lauren Kelly: So cool. Again, you're so then you show up and you're the super nice boyfriend for a while. Like, what does that mean to me because again I
Lauren Kelly: Think we just came from the best two months of my fucking life. When this happens, so it's still the message in my head is always going to be, I'm always waiting for the other shoe to drop and I don't know how to
Lauren Kelly: Move forward and not feel that way and
Lauren Kelly: To actually like let this other person. And again, I don't want that with anyone else but him like, I don't want it. This isn't like, oh, I want to go date other people or anything. I
Lauren Kelly: Just almost want to just be alone forever like I just don't. I just don't ever want to let anyone. And I just, I don't know what I'm looking for. What I would need from him to
Lauren Kelly: To let him back in, or to lead to on it to be different. I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: What I I could ask for our like what security or what what thing I could say, like, I need you to do this for me or I need that or like I need to see this or I need this to happen, or what, like, I don't know. I don't know what any of those things are. I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you won't, because honestly, is there anything that he could do that. Could all of a sudden, if he does it bring back security. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's not
Lauren Kelly: And even it doesn't it doesn't have to be all of a sudden, but like I don't even know what the working things would be okay well as for a month, you go to counseling with your kids. And you and I go to counseling together or something like I don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would be, because it seems to me the issue of him keep going back is the kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely alleviating that piece, you know, is definitely going to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In building up the P, you know, the security for you if he's doing the work with the kids and the therapist, you know, he's going in there with them. And you know what I mean, he's trying to work on his relationships with his kids in therapy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then, and it consistent, you know, trying to do it not listening again to secondhand information, but getting it from the therapist and doing the work that the therapist is asking you know him to do. I can tell you that the therapist would have not told him move back home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's no way
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, um, I can tell you that they, you know, like I can make suggestions to you, but it's up to you to take them and go, and it's up to him to take them and go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
What
Lauren Kelly: I need some any help any guidance anything like I was talking to my mom and she kept saying, well, you should talk to a therapist about this tomorrow, she will. She'll probably have tools and
Lauren Kelly: You know she'll probably know what sort of things you can do. And the only thing my mom suggest is, maybe you and him should do therapy together or something.
Lauren Kelly: But I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I
Lauren Kelly: I need some i'm just i'm still just head spinning. I don't know how to process any of this, like, like you said, like
Lauren Kelly: Up until this point, I thought I was never going to see him again. You know, I was trying to figure out where I was going to move where I was going to live what I was going to do here like
Lauren Kelly: I and then all of a sudden, now it's oh you can have all this fact if you want it you know and and I don't know what to do with that and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I think that, and these are my suggestions morn. Okay, number one, first off you. One of the things that I would definitely put on the table for him is to engage in therapy sessions with his children to alleviate that that piece of running back and forth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I if I were you. My suggestion would be that I take a road trip and get out of my head and put it aside and ask your higher power for some help and guidance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I would continue to do the work on Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And build up Lauren work on Lauren, you know, be the best version of Lauren that she can possibly be. Despite everybody else in this world and their chaos and they're crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are the things that I would do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First and foremost,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And give him your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's another piece, I would definitely you know suggest that you do is give him your truth. Give him the information of how this has affected you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you don't believe in for a minute. At this point, that you could ever go through this again. No. If ands, or buts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And letting him know that and letting him know that you are worth more than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For him to think that there's a revolving door there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's the God's honest truth.
Lauren Kelly: And I mean, he'll say all the right things. No. See, I know that.
Lauren Kelly: I know that more than ever that I know now, I have no doubt in my mind that we're, you know, I've been very you and your because he knows that those are things that I wanted in and
Lauren Kelly: That I wanted with him and he's going to say all of those things. And, you know, I'll never make this mistake again and and
Lauren Kelly: You know as much as it sucks that I had to fuck up to really see this, I see it. So clearly, now you know he's been to say all that stuff, but to me it just, I just feel good inside it just it. I hear it.
Lauren Kelly: All splat like I don't have that warm in my heart. We're like the first time that happened.
Lauren Kelly: When he would see these things. It was like, oh my god. Okay. I think he realizes it and like I could really open my heart up and like
Lauren Kelly: Have these emotional conversations like this time it's just like, I hear it, and then it just, it's like an arrow hits me and just falls off. You know, it just, it doesn't like it just falls flat edges. It just doesn't mean and I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what about what about if you told him that it would be on a trial basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know that you're you've got some work to do within yourself to get to a point of trust.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's one of the number one things that we need in a relationship, right, is to is to trust somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so he has a lot of work to do around that with all the manipulation that he's done. You've been doing this work. You've been you've been owning your truth and working on that piece consistently through this whole thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The minute that I told you how to do it. It's like bam, you're done. And you've walked that path. So you can't he can't throw that up in your face. Yeah, because you've actually done the work that needs to be done to stay out of that realm of thinking, yeah.
Lauren Kelly: I said that yesterday did
Lauren Kelly: You know, did once I did bring up like the past. And I said, Yeah, but when I
Lauren Kelly: When I realized what I was doing. Like I did the hard work and and I moved forward and I got a shit together and I have had my shit together. And every time that I wanted to run
Lauren Kelly: And do the things that were comfortable to me or wanted to use. I haven't. And I've stayed and I've done
Lauren Kelly: I haven't ran. I haven't used. I've been completely honest about everything, no matter how shitty it is I, you know, I've done the hard work and I've done it over and over again, day in, day out, and
Lauren Kelly: You're the one who led me down, you know, Hope I was here doing the hard work. I was, you know, a couple weeks ago when I wanted to run when all this first came up. I stayed and and not that I made the right decision. And I was so happy that I made that decision that I didn't run and
Lauren Kelly: All I did was for long, like what was really going to happen, but at least I made the right decision. You know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's time for him to do some hard work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's really not the truth of it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time for him to do some work to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: mourn the it's time for you to disprove
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out of the the ruminating get out of it all. Take it out of your brain. Put it aside. Take a nap and just breathe, just be for a few minutes.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have to know that I am so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: happy for you and proud of you, that you didn't that you did not do anything to hurt yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you stayed steady, even through this whole thing. You could have gotten a new car and ran and and not not looked back and you know what I mean. And you didn't do it. You stayed steady and you stayed strong in your in your position, even through this past week.
Lauren Kelly: I was, I was thinking about like when I went to Baker so lines and my mom about why she needed to keep the dogs, you know, so I can go kill myself. I mean, I was making plans like that. You know what I mean, like, just
Lauren Kelly: Oh, Mom. You just need to keep the dogs. I have something going on, you know,
Lauren Kelly: With you know I've got this job interview or and I need, I need you to keep the dogs for a while. Just so I knew the doctor stakes and were you know what I mean. So that way I didn't do it.
Lauren Kelly: In the apartment and have the dogs have to be in the apartment with my dead body for a few days before somebody smelled something and figured it out. You know, like I was
Lauren Kelly: Those are the kind of thoughts. I was having, you know, and they kind of plans. I was making you know like I just couldn't fucking take the pain anymore and
Lauren Kelly: I just I
Just didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every single time that you and I had a conversation. You are hesitant about a road trip, which tells me that. Yeah, you might have had those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did not act on them did not follow through on them. You knew you had more information than I did because you knew at that time it wasn't a good thing for you to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And therefore, you didn't do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can't beat yourself up with that because there's good that came out of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you didn't do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You hear what I'm telling you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give yourself just just breathe for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just breathe for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, take a nap. If you feel like going to your mom's to visit your dad and visit some family and not for any ulterior motives.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then get in the car and go for a day for a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, agreed, guys.
Lauren Kelly: I should do that. I was pretty sure that that when I talked to my, on my site. And I said, I think she said my therapist mentality.
Lauren Kelly: To get in the car and go, but I said I you know I wanted to but it's like I couldn't even function have to walk the dogs like packing up the car and getting out the door and do not like I couldn't even do it and
Lauren Kelly: Without shooting. I was sleeping and everything like it wouldn't have been a good idea for me to do that long drive by myself. Anyways, but I said, I'm pretty sure that my therapist is going to suggest that I still, you know, but I wasn't sure if like
Lauren Kelly: Then am I running from my problems and maybe it's better that I stay here and have these hard conversations with them and work these things out and whatever, or what I don't know, I just, I didn't really know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What. So you think about this. What I want you to think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In times of anger in times of hurt can never be taken back from the universe. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it in those contexts that TAKING SOME TIME TO BREATHE taking a little bit of time for Lauren to get her head in the right place to figure out some of the things that she wants. Get her head in her heart aligned. Right. There's nothing wrong with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's actually giving yourself and giving him consideration before you sit down and have hard conversations that you may say things, you know, or hear things that you'll regret or he'll regret. It's about giving yourself just a little bit of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just a little bit taking that pause, you know, we always want to want to stop and think about our actions, think about what we need to say before we say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, because the idea isn't to cause more pain. The idea is to find the resolutions, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so when you're in a state of emotional state you're in, emotional mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no rationale that that's going on. It's all over the place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. When we take when we take scenarios and we put them aside for 24 hours even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we don't give ourselves an opportunity to feel about them or to think about them, but to just read, think about other things. Think about your dad. Think about your mom. Think about your cousin, think about other things, just for that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you look at it again. You can look at it through a different pair of glasses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll know you'll know what you want to do, you'll know what you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pretty smart cookie be asked me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's my suggestions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's purely what they are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get to choose whether or not you're going to, you know, do it or not do it either way it's perfectly okay whatever you feel is right for you and you'll know Lauren because you're your best advocate, you just don't even know it.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I think that's just, I don't think today because I just slept so badly last, I think, I think today. I just take a day to
Lauren Kelly: Just try to catch up on some sleep and relax. Just trying to eat and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. Focus on self care.
Lauren Kelly: And then tomorrow, just for seeing the morning just pack up on. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the crazy like a few weeks ago, we are having a whole different conversation where you're like, I want to pack my car up and go right now and I'm like, No city.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now we're. This is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Funny because we're those whole different realm. Now,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: I wish I could go back to the couple weeks ago, Lauren.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, Lauren.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know something that you are perfect in this born
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In every way. You just have eventually I'm hoping we can get you to believe what I see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a good heart. You have a great mind you're smart as hell.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You care about people and you're trying in every way to make your life different
Lauren Kelly: Try and leave.
Lauren Kelly: Our
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is our good lord. It's the hardest thing to do. It's easy to go right back, it would have been the easiest thing for you to do is to go back and get high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would would have been, you know, the easiest thing to do, but you chose to do the hardest thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you walked through this, we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta give yourself some credit for that because that's huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so self care today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Possible visit in data mom tomorrow. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and let's see tomorrow is Wednesday Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If at any time. Let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Thursday, you need to talk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Asked to come back to the virtual clinic and they'll get me back in. Okay, I'll make time for you. Definitely.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you. There's a big chance I might need that just after race just spend some time kind of processing things. There's
Lauren Kelly: A big chance I am I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do it. Yes, very much so.
Lauren Kelly: Thanks for everything. Thanks for talking to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My god, thank you. Thanks. Big you for staying sober and thank you for not doing anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Wish
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wish Mila I wish you all the luck and I'm sending you prayers and I'm sending you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God, I wish I could just give you some some self esteem, and some self confidence and just push it through the video. You know what I mean, and just fill up your cup. I wish that I could but I can't do that work for you and your will, in your process of doing it for yourself.
Lauren Kelly: Try really trying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, breathe and take a nap. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you for right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you. The next two days. Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Quentono W.E. Neal: How's it going,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, how are you
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm doing good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Good be
Quentono W.E. Neal: Better be very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you come home today.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I came on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you do you feel better now that you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yes.
Yes, yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: A lot better.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm on a monster medication.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For better
Quentono W.E. Neal: So I don't know.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I found out a lot of things about me that I didn't
Like what
Quentono W.E. Neal: A lot of positive so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Yeah, me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Alright, this out. Let's look you know okay so didn't head did the thing you know credit bought it got over it. Okay, so time to work on myself no time to get that fight going to work on positivity me
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and I'm a lot of people there you know that uplifted me and I felt like that wasn't the only one that had problems. No. Yeah, I know. And this is especially to meet other people that have like almost the same story as me different punch lines. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: No, I'm, I'm a lot of good friends and
Quentono W.E. Neal: A lot of good friends, and they give you the number for support and stuff like that, along with others that are in the group.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Dan and his program is really working is really working more and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, move on to treatment. I started finding out that know that
Quentono W.E. Neal: I am an artist and not many people have that, like, you know, and you know it's really like
Quentono W.E. Neal: For the long the long term drug use that I had I'm that
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm I needed to be on medication to balance me out. You know what I mean.
You
Quentono W.E. Neal: Know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and I want, I want to say no more than that. But you know what I mean. Go. If you're, if you, if you, you are who you say you are
Quentono W.E. Neal: But you know what, I think you better go for being helped to be even though it's just a screen, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: All that matters is, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: To support. No, dude, dude, this screen, you know. Yes, that's what I think a lot for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you you went got help and that you didn't follow through with what your thoughts were, or that even if you did try and he didn't follow through that it didn't work. I'm grateful.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because you do have great qualities. You are a great person and you deserve to have the life that you you know that you want.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You deserve it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At some point
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to get to that point to believe it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I know, I saw just turn the volume and control by emotions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, listen, you don't have to control your emotions to this video. If you feel like crying you cry. You are a human. You are allowed to have emotions. You know, I don't play that that male side that female side, it's about humans.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about humans. You know what I mean. We're human. And, you know, we have these negative thoughts inside our head, and we don't know what to do with them and they're gaining power. You know what I mean, it's easy to go down that rabbit hole.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But God
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dang it. I am so grateful. I'm so grateful. I wish that you could just, I wish that I could send you my energy to know how grateful I am that you sought out the help and got the help that you needed in that moment. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life is hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is time to be happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time to forgive yourself from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every mass
No.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Pain. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what, there's one thing about I think that men queen, they don't think about when it comes to crying. Is that It cleanses the soul.
You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really does
Quentono W.E. Neal: Sorry, do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monster.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Better. Better than a can of beer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I read both in my you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Know, I used to like Red Bull back in 2009
Quentono W.E. Neal: I used to drink. Red Bull a lot. It was good. But I said over at myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah that's can be. You got to really monitor you know the best time that I found is the peach Red Bull.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Bull.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it tastes like soda.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gary
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, the, the regular the regular Red Bull they mix it makes something with it. Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: The Jaeger know
Quentono W.E. Neal: This is the bigger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Back in my day. I used to like to drink vodka and rebel.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Vodka and Red Bull. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was my back in my day. That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. Now, you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Will come down real quick. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. I just like, I like to drink tea triple once in a while. There's nothing wrong with it, you know.
Quentono W.E. Neal: This. This one right here is my favorite drink.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Purple monster, monster yeah that's that's my favorite one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really cool. So are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Planning on. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry. Are you planning on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, do they got you set up with any kind of
aftercare.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh yeah, they know they do. Um, I have. I actually have my work right here.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, and then
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Do you, do you want to know what they got me on or no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I want to know what they got jaan and what their plans are for you as far as aftercare days.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, these are my discharge papers.
Uh huh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um, it says Quinton own meal ancient name.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay. And this is the medication or Mon is a boost for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And that's for two milligrams in the morning and that better time for my anxiety. Okay, no. Oh, on hold on hormone modifier just
Quentono W.E. Neal: Look at boxing because my arm, my thyroid
Quentono W.E. Neal: Me. Yeah, yeah, that's and that's one. That's one every morning I know I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A guy right was all messed up to
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, yeah. My family was really messed up. They actually went up on it 50 milligrams
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and instead of Tony was off again. So
Quentono W.E. Neal: That that could have been a change to me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I never do that and either. That's crazy. Yeah. They got me at 50 pounds now.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: Psychotherapy agents beyond me. I know I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: A result our era is all about.
Quentono W.E. Neal: By that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: vilify Uh huh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and now I'm nuts nuts nighttime.
Quentono W.E. Neal: With the numbers.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And symbols.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For the major
Quentono W.E. Neal: Major Depressive Disorder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And that's that's in the morning time and then they got hydrox is equal Noma which is this role on again. Exactly. That's what they do now will be on
Quentono W.E. Neal: But I've been trying to get on Columbia pins on because of my past. That's what really helped me out for it. But they said that it messes with your blood pressure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it does. It's actually a blood pressure medication.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That helps
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it does help with anxiety. A lot of detox centers will use it for to help people detox because it does no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right.
Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know I never knew that, but yeah that's that's probably why they did put that on me when I was young.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Got me on
Quentono W.E. Neal: The on the surreal or draw or something like that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: But I forget high anxiety.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Take that and I'll be all, no.
Quentono W.E. Neal: No. Oh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So they got me on some bulk for the major depressive disorder Abilify for mood and nightmares and trousers dawn.
Quentono W.E. Neal: For insomnia.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, cuz I can't go to sleep now. I found out I can go see some shit.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And lack of sleep is a horrible place to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so those medications. You've been taking them now for a couple days and you feel the difference
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Yeah, I feel, I feel the difference for the balance.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So bad that back to Ground Zero.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Kind of like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Kind of like no like know what's going on and stuff. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they said that they're gonna put me on that. I don't know, like, like me off of it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So correct so boxing. But, you know, sometimes, and sometimes you may be permanent. Sometimes you may not know
Quentono W.E. Neal: But I think my permanent
Quentono W.E. Neal: Long term.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, can I tell you that that most of the people in society today. You have to know that when we have chemical imbalances and hormonal imbalances hormone imbalances mean your, your, your thyroid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, those, those two cocktails of being like this all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God. No wonder why you're not sleeping and why you're having nightmares and why you're, you know, you can't get out of a depressed state. All of those things cause havoc.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, within ourselves so finding that balance and finding that normalcy is going to feel so much better than, you know, being up and down and no sleep no sleep causes paranoia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: No.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then when I told you I've been clean, you know, the man doing nothing. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is
Quentono W.E. Neal: A matter of fact, I was actually sold beer.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And everything to play small
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of course, you were because that's what's her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Train, you are on your on the server cherry that's
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's right. More wallets fucked up is
Quentono W.E. Neal: was fulfilled is they had to kick me out of 711 and I was a fucking I have I had an all
Quentono W.E. Neal: This shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was your breaking point you know
Quentono W.E. Neal: It wasn't, it wasn't for attention. You know, but I knew that. Oh, when I was at casement. I miss your meeting and I was kind of so mad at myself now because like you really support me and mean
Quentono W.E. Neal: On what what I made it up. But when I attended my Friday meeting and I was on it when I was over there. Oh, yeah. Oh, back to that story home, you're like telling me yeah anyway. Okay, so this is done enough but
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: And it was just such a trip man looking. Oh, I see. I see no fucking, fucking Ukrainian Check. Check the Slovakian older 50 years old man take on five dudes. They were trying to date, you know, couldn't take him down.
Quentono W.E. Neal: They I heard that I thought in the morning. I heard people screaming like someone's getting choked out murders out and booking I woke up at six o'clock is that I got my shoes all my cards in
Quentono W.E. Neal: Here and I see what the book, man. And they were they were trying to take him down a team you're taking down man fucking crazy mad at him and everything with the fucking
Quentono W.E. Neal: No.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's crazy. But later on, I guess when who's just tuning somebody like that somebody just like sneak aside and let's and then they fucking guy that was crazy. Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Quentono W.E. Neal: He woke up at seven this morning. He's all he's all cussing and Christian and share your name is Kirsten, where's my cigarette. I want to get out here. I didn't get put in here somewhere near my sister.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Thank you. He was think I'm crazy think I'm crazy. I cooked and crazy he's all like that. And I went up to him because I had a mask on.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And went up to him and I said a man, I say, You know what, I give you props. Man, I said. I said, because no one has ever seen a black man one man and you're all to you like 50 year old gray haired
Quentono W.E. Neal: Man, we will talk about the painting, man. That's crazy, man. I seen that she
Quentono W.E. Neal: had so much different personalities in there you know and like like there was one girl and she was like, She's like why are you guys getting the shots. I wanted to go home. Go home and like
Quentono W.E. Neal: They keeps a date in here. My bad, my nose keeps it in medicine.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, the medicine. He's making my notes which
Quentono W.E. Neal: is weird. Yeah, it's weird. So I'm like, I'm tired like oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Quentono W.E. Neal: But she would she would yell, she would y'all into the sale quit looking out my I stopped eating my damn food Johnny Walker as you start talking shisha now. Yeah. And then there was a day here.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then, and then I almost got into like to Scotts already man when I was in there are actually three
Quentono W.E. Neal: But to have one person in one different person this morning because they weren't shut out there talking to folks and Holly and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Everybody was telling them to just chill and no meaning. So I went out, man. He's a big dude. But I didn't even look you know because like I was on my medication. You know, I think bounce out and I feel where I belong. You know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's, I feel, I feel good. Now,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Good, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just remember this. All right. And don't forget this piece you feel good right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you're on medication. Don't stop.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Taking it
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't stop taking it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not unless you're you're under a doctor's orders and he shows you that tells you the right way to to do it. But don't just all of a sudden, say, I don't need this. I feel real. I feel better now. Don't stop taking it because you go right back into that whole
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you don't want to do that. You know what I mean. You, you feel good because you've got your, your hormones and you've got, you know, your, your cylinders are firing they're connecting now right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you want to stay that way you don't want to stay. You don't want to go back to what you just had to experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to find this normalcy. All right, so if you have any questions about your medication before you ever even stop it, please talk to the doctor. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make that commitment to me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said make that commitment to me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, I'll make that commitment to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: We're almost up. Oh, stop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good. And if you want to stop. Talk to the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean just yeah if if at anytime you want to stop any of your meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talk to the doctor about it. Just don't stop it.
Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that could cause 10 times more problems.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh really, yeah oh yeah cuz like no. Okay. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Cuz, cuz I was on that before. But then again, like, like maybe they had the thyroid gland probably wrong before because I would, I would still feel the same emotions and everything to me.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I would say, yeah, maybe, you know, maybe a different doctor
Quentono W.E. Neal: And I mean, and then in like some facility don't know like certain medications and madman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, your thyroid is is a huge
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Part of your functions. You know, it deals with your testosterone. It deals with your estrogen. It deals with all of those hormones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That can send you into that depressive state without you even knowing you know what i mean that that's what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, don't take it if you feel that something's a little haywire, pay attention to what your body says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention to what your mind and your emotions, say, you know what I mean. You should be able to feel, you should be able to express you know your feelings, you should be able to cry when you need to cry. You should be able to do those things. And if your, your thyroid is off kilter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it's hard. You know, it just turns out to be this whole bottle. This whole like ball of of anger and resentment that kind of builds in your chest. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In everything is good at home.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh so far. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The partners glad that you're not
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, she's, she's
Quentono W.E. Neal: Them back and there's. Oh my god.
Quentono W.E. Neal: When I heard you. It's like, Man, I feel so good. And I said, I'm glad because you know why I feel the same way.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I do. I talked to her like that. I'd be real with her, you know, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's important.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I love my food. You know, I really do love her, like, straight up, there's no one nighter straight up man, she's, she's such as, like, you know, soft and tender person that just wants to be loved. You know, so yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's true. It's real.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you would hear have in common.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, that's exactly, that's what we have in common. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because that's really what you want to, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, it's true. That's
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's, yeah, that's what I want to know. I just I want a woman to love me, you know, nothing else. No, yeah, what's this, what's this, what is this was real, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like she accepts you and loves you, for exactly who you are and you can't find a better gift than that, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Yeah, I know, and, and besides that business wise, it's really hard for her to grasp on, you know, to the business side yeah know what I'm talking about.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, well, I'll show or if I have to show our show, or, you know, if I have to be the man you know and show her the business side and I will, you know, because I've been wanting to get into a tattoo do shoes. I have people I want shoes. Now I want tattoos.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I met a lot of business people inside the facility going to sponsor me to buy me
Quentono W.E. Neal: See tattooed goons and yeah that and that's what I'm trying to explain to her, but it's really hard for me to grasp on that. Well, you know what, I have no patience, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: For her to, like, you know, I'll wait. I'll wait for like open up to that. But right now, I kind of wanted to show her
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, show her that, you know, to mean that it's real, it's business it's mature. It's an adult mean and there's not a better fit than that. So I got
Quentono W.E. Neal: So,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Do my way though, I want to do it my way. But
Quentono W.E. Neal: At the same time,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I told her that if you have any positive feedback or anything. I'm are to accept it, but anything negative
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna set that because right now I'm good. I'm on medication. Now I got my life balance down and then I'm gonna go and I know I'm headed and you know i know what God intended it to be, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and he wants me to have wanting to help out, you know, maybe it's, you know, wants me to put it on the map for them. So that's how
Quentono W.E. Neal: I see it, but you know what, like you're you, my lady. And my mom like the only ones that know about it. And that's just the start of it a lot. Never know five years down the line.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. You put everything into it and what you love to do your artwork.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be out there for others to enjoy to, you know, you have this great potential
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Mm hmm. And I also got the I also got the sponsor to build on that, you know, got two sponsors right now to build on that. And right now I'm, I'm here. I am actually right now. I'm here at the workshop right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: We're, we're making a mask mask.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Me going and I gotta get the sewing machine fixed today because I don't know. Do you know about. So when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm very naive when it comes to showing
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay. Well, when I run it through.
Quentono W.E. Neal: The string on the top and the needle. It goes to nothing.
Quentono W.E. Neal: But it won't catch it won't catch. So I'm thinking the bottom in case something with the case is probably chipped or has holes in it or something because that's why it keeps flipping out, you know, to me,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and I looked at it. Those holes in there and it was chips on that Bobby case. So I'm thinking we need a new bottom case in order for it to rotate
Quentono W.E. Neal: Perfectly, you know, without all that
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Stuff that damaged it. So that's what I'm thinking, though, but because before it's fine. I got the timing down, everything's all good. But I think that's the only problem is the bobby case.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that needs to be good to go.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, the thing won't be here for a couple of weeks, though, but I think I'm gonna work on this today and try to get it to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Quentono W.E. Neal: Put some superglue
Quentono W.E. Neal: Try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A bit and get back to work. That's what we do. Right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's what we do exactly what we'd be
Quentono W.E. Neal: Duct tape a Get back to work.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. That's what's up. Becca, so I really do appreciate your support and everything's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Already know I'm here.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't forget that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right, okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: shouts out to Becky. Oh, man.
Quentono W.E. Neal: My boxing doctor
Quentono W.E. Neal: That how we work through it through all the pain throughout the bottom and she's helped me work through my baby girl. My mom and all the people that supported me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right you are supported. You have to know that you know what I mean. And It's time. It's time. It's time for you to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time for you to be your best self.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So hold on.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't like
Quentono W.E. Neal: It. I like, I like that. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I won't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'll let you go. I'll talk to Dr. Coleman, let him know that you were here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you'll be in group Friday.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Good Friday.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you need anything, call virtual clinic. If you need to talk in the next couple days. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find out if I have time, I'm here. You got to know that I support you know that. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so go work on that sewing machine.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I got a new haircut to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Notice that
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right, that's right, your best Ellen.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Thank you.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you Friday.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, Sue's
Quentono W.E. Neal: Later.
Later.